feat(Look and feel): Re-write look and feel reference (#1741)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/creating-a-new-look-feel.adoc

= Create a new Look & Feel
:description: This page explains the legacy variant of modifying the style of user interfaces.

{description}

Since the xref:portal-removal.adoc[removal of Portal in 2021.2], the Look & Feel was re-packaged in the bundle itself. You can find it in the `server/webapps/bonita/portal-theme` folder. For a reference about the contained files go to xref:https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/2021.1/creating-a-new-look-feel[the previous version of Bonita]. +

> The two places that still use the old Look & Feel are the wrapped PortalJs pages and the Bonita Login page. +

Reviewer: For the lambda reader of the doc, `PortalJs` does not means anything, I suggest to NOT mention it.
Just precise the list of pages that use the old Look & Feel, that would be enough

Author: So, just "are the wrapped pages and the Bonita Login page"?

> The two places that still use the old Look & Feel are the wrapped PortalJs pages and the Bonita Login page. +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The two places that still use the old Look & Feel are old pages not made using the UI Designer and the Bonita Login page. +
```

> PortalJs pages take into account the theme of your application. If you want to modify their style, we strongly suggest xref:theme-development.adoc[you change the theme]. +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Those old pages take into account the theme of your application. If you want to modify their style, we strongly suggest xref:theme-development.adoc[you change the theme]. +
```

> For the Login page, you will still need to change the old Look & Feel in the above-mentioned folder. A solution is in the works to take into account the theme of the application.

Reviewer: > A solution is in the works

What does this mean?

Author: https://www.google.com/search?q=+in+the+works
